applications: nrf_desktop: led_state documentation (#1202)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/led_state.rst

* :cpp:enumerator:`LED_ID_SYSTEM_STATE` - shows system state. The system can be in one of the following states:

  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_SYSTEM_STATE_IDLE` - the device is not being charged,
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_SYSTEM_STATE_CHARGING` - the device is being charged,
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_SYSTEM_STATE_ERROR` - fatal application error occurred (a module reported error state or battery state error was reported).

* :cpp:enumerator:`LED_ID_PEER_STATE` - shows Bluetooth peer state. The Bluetooth peer can be in one of the following states:

  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_DISCONNECTED` - the Bluetooth peer is disconnected,
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_CONNECTED` - the Bluetooth peer is connected,
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_CONFIRM_SELECT` - the Bluetooth peer is being selected (the device is waiting for confirmation),
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_CONFIRM_ERASE` - the device is waiting for user confirmation to erase peers (for Bluetooth central) or start erase advertising (for Bluetooth peripheral),
  * :cpp:enumerator:`LED_PEER_STATE_ERASE_ADV` - the device is advertising for peer erase.

> Complete description of peer management is available in :ref:`ble_bond`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete description of peer management, see :ref:`ble_bond`.
```

Module Events
*************

+------------------------+------------------------------+---------------+----------------+-------------+
| Source Module          | Input Event                  | This Module   | Output Event   | Sink Module |
+========================+==============================+===============+================+=============+
| :ref:`ble_bond`        | ``ble_peer_operation_event`` | ``led_state`` | ``led_event``  | :ref:`leds` |
+------------------------+------------------------------+               |                |             |
| :ref:`ble_state`       | ``ble_peer_event``           |               |                |             |
+------------------------+------------------------------+               |                |             |
| :ref:`battery_charger` | ``battery_state_event``      |               |                |             |
+------------------------+------------------------------+---------------+----------------+-------------+

Configuration
*************

> Module is enabled when ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_LED_ENABLE`` option is set (when :ref:`leds` is configured and enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module is enabled when you set the ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_LED_ENABLE`` option, which is possible when the :ref:`leds` sink module is configured and enabled.
```

Author: It is possible to set option when `leds` module not configured, but this will cause errors. I will change this a bit

> For every board enabling this option you must define module configuration (in ``led_state_def.h`` file located in board-specific directory in the application configuration folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every board that has this option enabled, you must define the module configuration. Do this in the ``led_state_def.h`` file located in the board-specific directory in the application configuration folder.
```

> Configuration consists of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration consists of the following elements:
```

> * ``led_map`` - mapping from :cpp:enum:`led_id` values to IDs used by :ref:`leds` (if no physical LED is assigned to given :cpp:enum:`led_id` value, you must assign :c:macro:`LED_UNAVAILABLE` as ID used by :ref:`leds`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``led_map`` - maps the :cpp:enum:`led_id` values to IDs used by :ref:`leds`. If no physical LED is assigned to a :cpp:enum:`led_id` value, assign :c:macro:`LED_UNAVAILABLE` as ID used by :ref:`leds`.
```

> * ``led_system_state_effect`` - defines LED effects used to show system states (effect must be defined for every system state),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``led_system_state_effect`` - defines the LED effects used to show the system states. The effect must be defined for every system state.
```

> * ``led_peer_state_effect`` - defines LED effects used to show Bluetooth peer states (effect must be defined for every state of every peer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``led_peer_state_effect`` - defines the LED effects used to show the Bluetooth peer states. The effect must be defined for every state of every peer.
```

> LED effects are defined in ``led_effect.h`` file in common configuration folder (as macros).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LED effects are defined in the ``led_effect.h`` file in the common configuration folder (similarly as macros).
```
`(as macros)` can mean that the LED effects are defined as macros or that they are defined in a way similar to macros. Avoid this kind of ambiguities.

Author: I meant that LED effects are defined as macros, for example: `LED_EFFECT_ON()`.
After discussion with Paweł we decided, we will link the documentation from header file here to show all the macros (I will add this in separate PR).
